FlowFuse 2 25 release post (#4256)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2025/12/flowfuse-release-2-25.md

---
title: "FlowFuse 2.25: FlowFuse Expert in Open-Source Node-RED, Interact with MCP Resources in FlowFuse, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"
subtitle: "FlowFuse 2.25: FlowFuse Expert in Open-Source Node-RED, Interact with MCP Resources in FlowFuse, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"

> description: "FlowFuse 2.25: FlowFuse Expert in Open-Source Node-RED, Interact with MCP Resources in FlowFuse, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "FlowFuse 2.25: Interacting with MCP Resources in FlowFuse Expert, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"
subtitle: "FlowFuse 2.25: Interacting with MCP Resources in FlowFuse Expert, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"
description: "FlowFuse 2.25: Interacting with MCP Resources in FlowFuse Expert, Improved Update Scheduling, and lots of UI improvements!"
```
